src/posts/mern-stack/index.md, before:

---
title: MERN stack
date: 2021-04-01
published: true
---

# Have you ever wanted to become a full stack developer ?

*This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one.*

This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one.

This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one.

This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one.

Commit message:

Blog theme has been changed.

src/posts/mern-stack/index.md, after:

---
title: MERN stack
date: 2021-04-01
published: true
excerpt: This blog will explore the very famous and my favourite stack -- MERN stack. What is MERN stack? What are "M", "E", "R", "N" in the "MERN" stack and how to get started with it? 
---

### Have you ever wanted to become a full stack developer ?

*This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one.*

This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one.

This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one.

This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one. This blog will walk you through all the details of how to be one.
